Hello, I'm Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
No!
I am Judge, Kizuna Ai!
Today, I open the Kizuna Ai Trial again!
I've received a lot of cases.
Thank you!
Let's get started.
The 2nd Kizuna Ai Trial,
will start now!!
Here's the first case
This is from (pen name) Abe-no-uchi san
19 years old, Male
A junior college student
"There's a case which I would like Ai-chan to judge,
please help me
I have a friend whom I've been in touch with since middle school
However, he tries to steal my girlfriend every single time
And before I realised it, they were already going out!
I think the reason why I was dumped lies with me but
isn't it a sin for one to steal their friend's lover?
Please pass your judgement on this issue"
Let's see...
Even though stealing your friend's lover is an outrageous act,
he succeeds every time and that means...
Then could it be that...
All along,
your friend has been doing it to you on purpose
I would like to now pass my judgement
Not guilty!
Well...
you see,
it must be because of your lack of charm!
You see,
It didn't only happen once or twice, but all the time!
Definitely when two people who like each other are going out,
it just means that
When you lack the charm to keep the relationship going on a long-term,
yeah,
it's detrimental
Probably, even if your friend didn't steal your girlfriend,
you guys would still break up at some point of time
With that,
Friend: Not guilty
You: Guilty
As for your sentence...
Well, taking into consideration your training period,
that'll be around half a year!
Please work hard!
Alright, here's the second case
This is from (pen name) Marumo-san
20 years old, a part-timer
"Amongst my circle of friends, there is one who's
horribly bad at singing
somehow he himself does not realise that fact
The thought of that friend confidently showing
off his horrible singing skills
makes my heart ache
Rather than being told by a stranger,
I thought that it would be best if I, as a friend,
tells him about it instead
However I can't bring myself to say it
I feel like I've done something bad by keeping my friend in the dark about it
Is that a sin?"
Being tone-deaf
apparently is a hereditary (musical) deficiency
I sounded like an A.I.~
Ah, I totally did not search this up on Wikipedia,
I know this all along
Hmm... this is difficult...
Well... first-
but- uhh,
even though he sings horribly, he doesn't realise it.
The mental strength of your friend-
is impressive.
Well, "it's the best if I tell him as a friend!"
would be the best
Firstly, it's great that you're aware of that!
Well, it differs for each person, right?
"What is it that I'm that bad at?!"
"What the heck are you talking about?!"
You guys might end up fighting instead...
Alright,
I have decided!
Guilty!
If you ask me why,
"I thought that it would be best if I, as a friend,
tells him about it instead"
... something like that
"I feel like I've done something bad by keeping my friend in the dark about it"
Even though you think that way
You're not doing anything about it
I think that's wrong!
What's with this...
lazy-sounding reason for the judgement...
No, wait- I definitely think that
it is wrong of you to not take action even though you know what's the right thing to do
If you really think of it this way,
please take action!
Since we're at it, here's a piece of advice from me:
Y'know,
it's great to have a unique singing style but
it might be too unique to the extent that others
may think that you're tone-deaf
Oh, but y'know they say that-
Tone-deafness can be cured!
So, you guys can uh, go for voice training together,
yeah voice training
Now, how's that?
With that, rather than just pointing out the tone-deafness,
tell him that "it can be cured, let's go for voice training together!"
That kindness.
With that, if it doesn't go well,
then that person's *y'know*,
then just stop being friends
As for your sentence,
Well,
there were some goodwill in your words so,
one week!
I'm kind, don't you think?
You've become a fan of mine?
Thanks
Now, let's move on to the next case
This is from (pen name) Taiyaki-san
that's very thoughtful
"Judge Kizuna Ai-dono,
in popular game Poke**n, there's this certain rare item
In order to collect super strong monsters,
that item is necessary
However this item is really hard to obtain,
therefore hardcore players are all desperate to get their hands on it
My friend and I are also one of them
However, I never expected that my friend would get the item within a rather short time
On the other hand,
I tried for 6 hours and got nothing
while my friend put together his party and
bragged about it to me
I am fully aware that the game relies on luck,
and I thought that I was mentally prepared for this
but this is kinda...
Am I guilty?
Or am I not?
Let's see... games... this is kinda difficult, isn't it?
Oh, but did you manage to get the item in the end?
Well...
A game that relies on luck... *drags*
It's really hard to say anything you see,
To brag...
to someone who already has difficulty in obtaining the item...
that's kinda annoying, yeah.
If Taiyaki-san manages to get the item instead,
there's a chance that you might brag to your friend instead, right?
I think that's highly possible
You guys are, y'know,
even if you don't play games you won't die
You're probably playing the game to feed your pride or your desire to "collect 'em all!" so,
maybe or you probably
would have already done that
With that, I've decided!
Not guilty!
Well in the first place, y'know,
the hardcore players might get angry at me for saying this but,
it's just a game
Think of what would have happened instead,
because, for sure,
uh, when you have the upper hand as compared
to your friend you'll be like
YAAAAAY LOOK AT THAT!!
YOU SUCK!!
Or something like that
You'd do that right, everyone?
So, try to keep an open mind,
and forgive that friend!
We've judged several different cases today!
From now on, if there are anymore cases that you wish for me to pass judgement on,
please send an enquiry mail to me via my homepage!
I, Judge Kizuna Ai,
will decide whether you're guilty or not!
I will deliver the judgement!
Well then, this wraps up today's round of Kizuna Ai Trial
Court is adjourned!